Enhance scripts/cleanup.py to be able to run as a continual task. (#72)
matrix-org/rageshake: README.md

Details on the request and expected response are [available](docs/generic\_webhook.md).

## Cleanup script

> A python script is provided in scripts/cleanup.py and in a docker container. It can be configured

Reviewer: > in a docker container

any clues as to where I can find this mythical docker container?

> using the commandline options to filter rageshakes in a given date range. It is expected to be
> run as a cronjob on a daily basis.
> 
> The script is idempotent enough to be re-runnable on a more frequent basis if required. If a cronjob
> cannot be configured, it can be run in a continual mode with something like `--repeat-delay-hours 24`
> to repeat running after approximately 24 hours.

Reviewer: Is there any particular reason to prefer a cronjob?

```suggestion
using the commandline options to filter rageshakes in a given date range.

It can either be run via a cronjob at appropriate intervals (typically daily), or
be set to run in a continual mode with something like `--repeat-delay-hours 24`
to repeat running after approximately 24 hours.
```

> Be aware that each run will scan all files between --max-days and the smallest retention period set,
> ensuring we always have up to date information, however this may be an intensive process.

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure what this is trying to tell me. I think it's something like this:

```suggestion
Note that this script will scan all logs older than the smallest configured retention period (up to `--max-days`).
This can be an IO-intensive process.
```
